ICS Calendar – UC Irvine Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences Skip to main content Search Clear Submit Admissions & AidBecome an Anteater Your future starts here! One of the leading schools of computing in the nation, ICS offers a broad range of undergraduate, graduate research, and graduate professional programs in Computer Science, Informatics, and Statistics with an emphasis on foundations, discovery, and experiential learning. Apply Now Welcome to ICS Mission & History Facts & Figures Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Paying for School Undergraduate Graduate Programs & AdvisingThrive as a Student Student success starts here! Undergraduate and graduate students enjoy limitless academic and extracurricular opportunities as part of the ICS community. Build Your Student Experience Undergraduate Programs Majors & Minors ICS Honors Program Undergraduate Academic Advising Graduate Programs Research Professional Graduate Academic Advising Student Experience Outreach, Access & Inclusion Career Development Clubs & Organizations Entrepreneurship Undergraduate Research ICS Tutoring Hub Campus Resources Research & DepartmentsLearn & Discover Pushing the boundaries of computing. Driven by curiosity and committed to positive change, our diverse community of faculty and students are pioneering computing technologies that are transforming our world. Explore Our Research Research at ICS Research Areas Departments Computer Science Informatics Statistics People Institutes & Centers Connected Learning Lab Cybersecurity Policy & Research Data Science Future Health Genomics & Bioinformatics HPI Machine Learning & Data Science Machine Learning & Intelligent Systems Responsible, Ethical & Accessible Tech Software Research Impact Faculty Awards & Honors Student Awards & Honors Placements in Academia Technologies & Startups News & EventsGet Involved Innovate. Collaborate. Stimulate. Get involved with the vibrant ICS community. Check out our news and participate in our events. See What's Happening Recent News Faculty Spotlights Student Spotlights Research Spotlights Alumni Spotlights Upcoming Events ICS Calendar Seminar Series ICS Distinguished Lecturer Computer Science Informatics Statistics Connected Learning Lab Cybersecurity Policy & Research Data Science Future Health Genomics & Bioinformatics HPI Machine Learning & Data Science Machine Learning & Intelligent Systems Responsible, Ethical & Accessible Tech Software Research Reports & Publications Alumni & PartnersMake an Impact Connecting with industry, engaging the community. From sponsoring capstone projects and becoming a corporate partner to supporting student scholarships and recruiting ICS students and alumni, your partnering opportunities are endless in ICS. Get Involved Alumni Events Hall of Fame Corporate & Community Engagement Capstone Projects Research Partnerships Student Recruitment Corporate Partners Industry Advisory Board Leadership Council Make a Gift Contact UsFollow UsSupport Us Home Events ICS Calendar Loading view. Views Navigation Hide filters Event Views Navigation List List Month Day Week Today Now Now - 10/31/2024 October 31 Select date. Condense Events Series Filters Changing any of the form inputs will cause the list of events to refresh with the filtered results. Done Clear Programs & Advising: Open filter Close filter Programs & Advising Career Development Clubs and Organizations Entrepreneurship Graduate Advising Graduate Programs Outreach, Access, and Inclusion Undergraduate Advising Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Research Research Areas: Open filter Close filter Research Areas Accessible Computing AI, ML, and Natural Language Processing Algorithms and Theory All Research Areas Bayesian Statistics Biomedical Informatics and Computational Biology Biostatistics Compilers and Programming Languages Computer-Supported Cooperative Work Computer Architecture and Embedded Systems Computer Games and Virtual Worlds Computer Graphics and Vision CS Education Database and Information Systems Digital Media and Learning Distributed, Network, and Operating Systems Genomics Health Informatics Human-Computer Interaction IT and Organizations Security, Privacy, and Cryptography Software Engineering and Systems Statistics and Statistical Theory STS and Critical Information Studies Sustainability and Computing Departments: Open filter Close filter Departments Computer Science Informatics Statistics Institutes & Centers: Open filter Close filter Institutes & Centers Connected Learning Cybersecurity Policy and Research Data Science Future Health Genomics and Bioinformatics HPI Machine Learning and Data Science Machine Learning and Intelligent Systems Responsible, Ethical, and Accessible Tech Software Research Seminars: Open filter Close filter Seminars ACO Computer Science ICS Distinguished Lecturer Informatics Machine Learning and Intelligent Systems Statistics Alumni & Partners: Open filter Close filter Alumni & Partners Alumni Corporate and Community Engagement Venues: Open filter Close filter Venues Calit2 Donald Bren Hall Event Canceled ISEB Student Center UCI Anthill Pub Zoom October 2024 Master of Human-Computer Interaction & Design 10/15 October 15, 5:00 PM PT Zoom Explore the program’s innovative curriculum, discover key highlights, and learn about the admissions process. This is your chance to get all your questions answered and find out how UC Irvine can help you achieve your career goals. We can’t wait to connect with you online! Statistics Seminar Series Decoding Game: On Minimax Optimality of Heuristic Text Generation Strategies Jason Klusowski Assistant Professor, Department of Operations Research & Financial Engineering, Princeton University October 17, 4:00 PM PT 6011, Donald Bren Hall - View Map Abstract: Decoding strategies play a pivotal role in text generation for modern language models, yet a perplexing gap persists between theory and practice. Surprisingly, strategies… CS Seminar Series Vector Search and Databases Dr. Yannis Papakonstantinou Distinguished Engineer, Query Processing and GenAI at Google Cloud Databases October 18, 11:00 AM PT 6011, Donald Bren Hall - View Map Abstract: Semantic search ability, via embedding (vectors) and vector indexing, has been added to Google Cloud Platform (GCP) databases in order to enable GenAI applications.… Informatics Seminar Series (Virtual) Culturally-conscious Workforce Development: Community-based Approaches to Supporting Microbusinesses Julie Hui Assistant Professor, University of Michigan School of Information October 18, 2:00 PM PT Zoom Abstract: Building digital capacity among microbusinesses will require more than just providing broadband access; it will also involve more “culturally-conscious” approaches that leverage community assets… Master of Computer Science – Information Session October 21, 9:00 AM PT Zoom Explore the program’s innovative curriculum, discover key highlights, and learn about the admissions process. This is your chance to get all your questions answered and find out how UC Irvine can help you achieve your career goals. We can’t wait to connect with you online! Master of Software Engineering – Information Session October 22, 12:00 PM PT Zoom Don’t miss this opportunity to elevate your career and become a skilled professional in software engineering. Register now for the Online Webinar and Q&A Session and step into a future of endless possibilities! Statistics Seminar Series Causal Inference and Machine Learning in Mobile Health Tianchen Qian Assistant Professor, Department of Statistics, UC Irvine October 24, 4:00 PM PT 6011, Donald Bren Hall - View Map Abstract: Mobile health (mHealth) interventions, such as text messages and push notifications targeting behavior change, are a promising alternative to in-person healthcare. Understanding how the… MedTech Innovation Hackathon October 25, 9:00 AM - October 26, 5:00 PM PT The Department of Informatics and the Department of Anesthesiology & Perioperative Care are thrilled to present a unique hackathon dedicated to addressing real-world medical challenges. Register now! ACO Seminar Series Marketplace Design Challenges of Online Display Advertising Paul R. Milgrom Shirley and Leonard Ely Professor of Humanities and Sciences in the Department of Economics at Stanford University October 25, 11:00 AM PT Calit2 Abstract: In September 2024, a trial began in federal court in which the Department of Justice (DOJ) attacked Google's conduct in relation to its technology… Statistics Seminar Series Approximate Data Deletion and Replication with the Bayesian Influence Function Ryan Giordano Assistant Professor, Statistics, UC Berkeley October 29, 4:00 PM PT Abstract: Many model-agnostic statistical diagnostics are based on repeatedly re-fitting a model with some observations deleted or replicated. Cross-validation, the non-parametric bootstrap, and outlier detection… Master of Computer Science – Information Session October 31, 12:00 PM PT Zoom Explore the program’s innovative curriculum, discover key highlights, and learn about the admissions process. This is your chance to get all your questions answered and find out how UC Irvine can help you achieve your career goals. We can’t wait to connect with you online! Statistics Seminar Series Statistical Learning with Dependent Data Sumanta Basu Associate Professor of Statistics and Data Science, Cornell University October 31, 4:00 PM PT 6011, Donald Bren Hall - View Map Abstract: With advances in data collection and storage, statistical learning algorithms are becoming increasingly popular for structure learning and prediction with large-scale data sets that… Previous Events Today Next Events 6210 Donald Bren Hall Irvine, CA 92697-3425 (949) 824-7427 Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on YouTube Add us on LinkedIn Follow us on Instagram Footer Navigation DirectoryFaculty & Staff ResourcesFaculty & Staff PositionsEmergency PreparednessAccessibilityPrivacy PolicyUCI HomeUCI DirectoryCampus Maps © 2024 All Rights Reserved. UCI Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase TextIncrease Text Decrease TextDecrease Text GrayscaleGrayscale High ContrastHigh Contrast Negative ContrastNegative Contrast Light BackgroundLight Background Links UnderlineLinks Underline Readable FontReadable Font Reset Reset